[14.0][ADD] account_payment_view_check_number (#424)
OCA/account-payment: account_payment_check_number/README.rst

> .. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.svg

Reviewer: Please move this into `readme/` subdirectory fragments

    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3

============================
Account Payment Check Number
============================

> This module will manage check number on supplier payment screen.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module makes the check number field visible in the Payments list.
```

Reviewer: Usage: "On the Payments list, the Check Number field is available as an option, using the far right icon in the list header."
